[21051] Documentation to serialize DynamicTypes to IDL (#865)
eProsima/Fast-DDS-docs: docs/fastdds/xtypes/type_serializing.rst

Serialization is a crucial process in data distribution services, as it converts complex data structures into a
format that can be easily transmitted and reconstructed across different platforms and programming environments.

.. _xtypes_serialization_utilities_idl:

Dynamic Type to IDL
-------------------

The method |XTypesUtils-idl_serialize-api| serializes a |DynamicType-api| object into its IDL representation.

.. note::

>     The conversion to IDL only supports the :ref:`builtin annotation<builtin_annotations>`: `@bit_bound`, `@extensibility`, `@key`, and `@position`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The conversion to IDL only supports the following :ref:`builtin annotations<builtin_annotations>`: `@bit_bound`, `@extensibility`, `@key`, and `@position`.
```

.. warning::

    The conversion to IDL of a :ref:`xtypes_supportedtypes_bitset` with inheritance merges derived bitsets with their base bitset.

.. warning::

    The conversion to IDL dismisses values explicitly set to their default values.
    For example, the default :ref:`@bit_bound<builtin_annotations>` value of a :ref:`xtypes_supportedtypes_bitmask` is 32.
    If a user were to explicitly set the :ref:`@bit_bound<builtin_annotations>` value of a :ref:`xtypes_supportedtypes_bitmask` to 32 and then serialize the |DynamicType-api| to IDL, the :ref:`@bit_bound<builtin_annotations>` would not be included in the IDL.

.. _xtypes_serialization_utilities_idl_example:

Example: Convert a discovered type to IDL format
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The following code demonstrates how to use the |XTypesUtils-idl_serialize-api| function in Fast DDS to convert discovered types to their IDL representation.

> Each time the subscriber discovers a new reader or writer, it would use the |DynamicTypeBuilderFactory-api| to build a |DynamicType-api| and serialize it to IDL format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each time the subscriber discovers a new DataReader or DataWriter, it would use the |DynamicTypeBuilderFactory-api| to build a |DynamicType-api| and serialize it to IDL format.
```
